14 year ago i released movie film which
brought
great shame to kazakhstan
but now i was instructed to return to
yankee land to carry out
secret missions i go to america
[Music]
what do you say no it's not me
people make recognize my face i would
need
disguises this man sex criminal
no i'm not sex family
i will take this to be a fat like
american man
yeah this is a good one here where is
his crumb
what is problem officer
that's somebody that's strapped to the
top of your car it's in that passenger
seat boss
only men and bears are allowed inside
car
i'm here to give my daughter as a gift
to someone close to the throne
i need dress with real sexy peels
uh this is a bag that just goes over the
dress they're
nice i really like this let us present
sandra jessica parker drummond
i want this one with the baby on it
i have a baby inside me can you take it
though
no we cannot that's not what we do here
i feel bad
because i was the one who put the baby
in her
did you ever put one in your daughter
no i did not where is everybody they
want everybody to quarantine so they
don't spread this virus
could i stay in your home
i hope quarantine never ends
what is more dangerous this virus
or the democrat democrats democrats
killing some of the virus no you can't
see the virus no it's still there
if you think you see a virus go like
that this makes the virus
sleepy and then when it's sleeping
the daddy has a lot to learn my daddy is
the smartest person in the whole flat
world
and while the risk of coronavirus
remains low as the president said
yesterday
we're ready for anyone michael penis
i brought the girl for you bought
subsequent
movie film you pissed me now i feel
still
what do you prefer you fixed me on
lifesteal same time fist each other
there you go
[Music]
you